This is a solid, ambitious project. Let me give you a thorough review based on your README/spec document.
  ::view-transition-group(*),
  ::view-transition-old(*),
  ::view-transition-new(*) {
    animation-duration: 0.25s;
    animation-timing-function: cubic-bezier(0.19, 1, 0.22, 1);
  }
VvisualizeVvisualize show_widgetHere's the full picture based on your spec:
What you're building is essentially a full-scale mobile discipleship platform — the closest comparison would be YouVersion (Bible app) combined with a structured curriculum engine, think something like Duolingo for SDA spiritual formation. It's genuinely ambitious in scope, touching Bible study, AI, real-time video, kids content, broadcasts, and internationalization all in one app.
Completion — I'd put you at roughly 65% overall. Your core pillars (Bible reader, Deep Dive study, Sabbath School, auth/roles) are clearly the most fleshed out and spec'd with real precision. The further you get from those pillars toward features like Live Fellowship, the Prophecy Explorer, and the Formation curriculum system, the thinner the spec gets — which usually means those areas are still early in development.
The three things I'd flag as your biggest real risks:
First, testing is completely absent. With AI calls wired into navigation flows, role-gated endpoints, and offline sync logic, you're sitting on a lot of silent failure potential. Even a thin test layer around auth, Deep Dive AI generation, and the Sabbath School sync would dramatically reduce your debugging burden as the project grows.
Second, AI costs will surprise you. You have at least 6–8 distinct AI generation surfaces. Without per-user rate limiting or a token budget, a single enthusiastic user (or a Kids Club kid hammering the daily quests) could generate significant API spend before you notice.
Third, Live Fellowship is a different class of problem than everything else on your list. LiveKit in a React Native WebView with camera/mic permissions, background audio handling, and App Store review compliance is genuinely hard to ship — it deserves its own milestone rather than being treated as a feature alongside the others.
Want me to go deeper on any specific module? You can also paste actual code files and I'll do a proper line-level review.